Update Django Tutorial to latest versions (#4285)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/tutorial-django.md

    - A subfolder named `web_project`, which contains the following files:
        - `__init__.py`: an empty file that tells Python that this folder is a Python package.
        - `asgi.py`: an entry point for [ASGI-compatible](https://asgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) web servers to serve your project. You typically leave this file as-is as it provides the hooks for production web servers.
        - `settings.py`: contains settings for Django project, which you modify in the course of developing a web app.
        - `urls.py`: contains a table of contents for the Django project, which you also modify in the course of development.
        - `wsgi.py`: an entry point for WSGI-compatible web servers to serve your project. You typically leave this file as-is as it provides the hooks for production web servers.

1. Create an empty development database by running the following command:

    ```bash
    python manage.py migrate
    ```

>     When you run the server the first time, it creates a default SQLite database in the file `db.sqlite3`, which is intended for development purposes but can be used in production for low-volume web apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you run the server the first time, it creates a default SQLite database in the file `db.sqlite3` that is intended for development purposes, but can be used in production for low-volume web apps. For additional information about databases, see the [Types of databases](#types-of-databases) section.
```

    System check identified no issues (0 silenced).

>     January 15, 2021 - 14:33:31

Author: It will actually raise a set of warnings because `manage.py migrate` has not been run yet. This should really be added as an extra step

Author: The official Django Tutorial shows it and deals with database migrations as a separate step.

You're probably already wondering if there's an easier way to run the server and test the app without typing `python manage.py runserver` each time. Fortunately, there is! You can create a customized launch profile in VS Code, which is also used for the inevitable exercise of debugging.

> 1. Switch to **Run** view in VS Code (using the left-side activity bar or `kb(workbench.action.debug.start)`). You may see the messaghe "To customize Run and Debug create a launch.json file". This means that you don't yet have a `launch.json` file containing debug configurations. VS Code can create that for you if you click on the **create a launch.json file** link:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Switch to **Run** view in VS Code (using the left-side activity bar or `kb(workbench.action.debug.start)`). You may see the message "To customize Run and Debug create a launch.json file". This means that you don't yet have a `launch.json` file containing debug configurations. VS Code can create that for you if you click on the **create a launch.json file** link:
```
